　　Justin Trudeau， a young and handsome outdoorsman and former bartender， among other roles far removed from politics， proved Monday he is not just another pretty face。
　　贾斯汀-特鲁多，这位年轻英俊又热爱户外运动的前酒保（他从事过的其他职业也都和政治相去甚远）19日向人们证明，他拥有的，可不仅仅只有高颜值。
　　The son of the late and beloved premier Pierre Trudeau has led Canada‘s opposition Liberal party to a landslide in Canada’s general election。
　　贾斯汀-特鲁多是深受加拿大人民喜爱的已故总理皮埃尔·特鲁多的儿子，他带领加拿大反对党自由党在大选中以压倒性的胜利击败对手。
　　The former French teacher， aged 43， overcame campaign attack ads claiming he was “just not ready” to lead Canada。
　　特鲁多现年43岁，曾经做过法语教师，一举粉碎了竞选期间攻击性广告声称他“还没准备好”领导加拿大的说辞。
　　With his mop of dark curly hair， a confident swagger and hints of his father‘s style of speaking， Trudeau looks years younger than he is。
　　一头蓬松的深色卷发，彰显自信的昂首阔步，演说风格隐约透露出他父亲当年的风范，特鲁多看起来比他真实年纪年轻多了。
　　Rivals cast this as a liability during the campaign as he tried to convince voters he was shrewd and experienced enough to be prime minister。
　　当他在竞选时向选民力证自己精明干练、阅历丰富，足以胜任总理一职时，他的对手总是利用他的年纪来攻击他。
　　Trudeau is actually only three years younger than outgoing Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper was when he was first elected in 2006。
　　其实特鲁多只比 即将离任的保守党总理史蒂芬-哈珀在2006年初次当选时年轻了三岁而已。
　　“He‘s not the smartest guy in the room，” former senior Liberal MP Bob Rae told The Globe and Mail newspaper。
　　前自由党高级议员鲍勃-雷对加拿大《环球邮报》表示：“特鲁多并不是这议会里最聪明的人。”
　　“But he knows how to reach a room。 He likes people， and people like him。”
　　“但他知道如何赢得人们的喜欢，他喜欢人民，人民也喜欢他。”
　　The Trudeau family is often compared to the Kennedys in the United States。
　　特鲁多家族经常被拿来和美国的肯尼迪家族相比较。
　　Pierre Trudeau， who died in 2000， was prime minister from 1968 to 1979， and again from 1980 to 1984。 He is considered the father of modern Canada。
　　皮埃尔-特鲁多在1968年至1979年间担任加拿大总理，1980年到1984年间继续连任，于2000年去世。皮埃尔-特鲁多被誉为当代加拿大国父。
　　He was admired for the force of his intellect and praised for his political acumen in preserving national unity against Quebec separatists。
　　他因才智过人而广受尊敬，也因平息魁北克分裂危机，保全祖国完整保全祖国完整而被人盛赞其政治智慧。
　　The elder Trudeau established the Charter of Rights and Freedoms， decriminalized homosexuality and pushed for the bilingualism and multiculturalism that have become an integral part of Canadian national identity。
　　老特鲁多颁布了《权利与自由宪章》，将同性婚姻合法化，推进双语学习和多元文化，现在这些东西都已成为加拿大国家认同不可分割的一部分。
　　Justin‘s birth on December 25， 1971， made front page news across Canada。
　　贾斯汀出生于1971年12月25日，彼时加拿大全国上下都争相报道他的出生。
　　His mother Margaret‘s partying with the Rolling Stones and her 1984 divorce from Pierre - Canada’s first big political scandal - was also fodder for tabloids。
　　他的母亲玛格丽特和滚石乐队聚会玩乐以及1984年与皮埃尔的离婚事件——这是加拿大第一个政治大丑闻——也为小报提供了素材和谈资。
　　Justin Trudeau spent many of his early years working out a direction to take in his life， working as a whitewater guide， snowboard instructor， bartender， bouncer， a public speaker and an advocate for various causes。
　　贾斯汀-特鲁多早年花了不少时间摸索自己的人生方向，他做过漂流导游、滑雪教练、酒保，也当过保镖、公共演说家，还是多项事业的倡导者。
　　His eulogy at his father‘s state funeral in 2000 arguably launched his political career。 He was approached to run days afterward， but said no。 It was too soon。
　　2000年，他在父亲的国葬上发表悼词，可以说是他政治生涯的起点。数天后，有人找他参选，可他谢绝了。他认为彼时还为时太早。
　　“The battle to convince myself and others that I was my own person had challenged me all through high school and university，” he wrote in a recent memoir。
　　他在最近出版的回忆录里写道：“向自己和别人证明‘我就是我’的战争贯穿了我的高中和大学时期。”
　　“Why should I negate these efforts by making the one career choice that would guarantee I would be measured according to my father‘s achievements？”
　　“为什么我得抹杀掉自己所做的这些努力，选择这样一份无论我怎么做，都只会被拿来和我爸爸的成就相比较的职业呢？”
　　In 2005， Trudeau married television host Sophie Gregoire and soon had three children： Xavier， Ella-Grace and Hadrien。
　　2005年，特鲁多和电视主持人索菲-格雷戈瓦（Sophie Gregoire）成婚，不久后迎来了三个孩子：泽维尔（Xavier），艾拉-格蕾丝（Ella-Grace）和哈德利安（Hadrien）。
　　Trudeau would eventually run in a gritty， working-class neighborhood of Montreal and was elected to the House of Commons in 2008 and re-elected in 2011。
　　特鲁多最终代表蒙特利尔一个脏乱差的工人阶层社区参加竞选，在2008年加入下议院，于2011年连任。
　　Liberals hoped when they made him leader that his youth and famous name would revitalize the party in time to challenge the Conservatives in 2015。
　　自由党推选他为党首，希望借他的年轻和名声重振党派，以在2015年和保守党抗衡。
　　In two years， Trudeau brought in Can$37 million to the party and attracted 57，000 volunteers to the campaign， while party membership rose tenfold to 300，000。
　　在两年之内，特鲁多为自由党带来了3700万加元的资金，为竞选吸引了5.7万名自愿者，党派成员人数更是增长了十倍，达到30万人。
　　But he raised eyebrows by admitting to having smoked marijuana at a dinner party with friends since being elected to parliament。
　　不过他承认自己当选议员后曾在一次朋友聚会上吸食大麻，引发非议。
　　During the campaign， Trudeau worked off his energy by boxing once a week with an aide， sparring at any gym they could find wherever they were in the country。
　　竞选期间，特鲁多每周都在助理的陪同下打一次拳击，以发泄精力。无论人在加拿大的哪个地方，只要能找到体育馆，他们都会过去打拳击。
　　“Boxing‘s not about beating up on the other guy。 It’s about sticking to your plan while the other guy takes shots at you，” Trudeau told The Globe and Mail。
　　特鲁多向《环球邮报》表示：“拳击的本质并不是痛打对手，而是在别人攻击你时，将自己的计划坚持下去。”
　　mop：蓬松的头发
　　liability：不利条件，碍事的人（或物）
　　acumen：敏锐，精明
　　decriminalize：使合法化
　　national identity：国家认同，民族认同
　　whitewater： 漂流
　　eulogy：悼词
　　negate：否定，取消掉
　　revitalize：使恢复元气，使复苏
　　marijuana：大麻
　　spar：（拳击） 轻拳出击
　　英文来源：法新社
　　译者：阿甘太达
　　审校&amp;编辑：刘明
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
