　　Attention wearers of skinny jeans： don‘t squat — at least not for long。
　　穿紧身牛仔裤的人们注意了！没事别蹲着——至少别蹲太久。
　　Doctors in Australia report that a 35-year-old woman was hospitalized for four days after experiencing muscle damage， swelling， and nerve blockages in her legs after squatting for several hours while wearing tight-fitting denims。
　　澳大利亚有医生指出，最近一名35岁女性住院四天，原因是她在身着紧身牛仔裤时蹲了几小时，导致肌肉损伤、肿胀，以及腿部神经阻断。
　　“We were surprised that this patient had such severe damage to her nerves and muscles，” said Dr。 Thomas Kimber of the Royal Adelaide Hospital in Australia， in an email。
　　“我们非常惊讶，这位病人遭受了如此严重的神经和肌肉损伤，”澳大利亚皇家阿德雷德医院的医生托马斯·金伯在邮件中写道。
　　The patient， who was not identified， spent most of the previous day helping someone move， squatting for long periods while emptying cupboards。 Clad in skinny jeans， the woman said they felt increasingly tight and her feet were numb as she walked home， making her trip and fall。 Unable to get up， she spent several hours stranded outside before getting to the hospital。 Kimber and colleagues published a report about the case online Monday in the Journal of Neurology， Neurosurgery and Psychiatry。
　　金伯及其同事在《神经内科，神经外科与精神病学杂志》网站上发表的报告中提到了这一病例。这位病人前一天帮助别人搬家，在 清理橱柜的时候蹲了很长时间。该女子表示，她当时穿着紧身牛仔裤，感觉腿上越来越紧，走回家时双脚已经麻木，导致在途中摔到。她站不起来，到医院之前的好 几小时都无法动弹。
　　Kimber said tight jeans have previously been reported to cause nerve lesions in the groin but not the kind of nerve problems in the lower leg and severe muscle damage they saw。 He said squatting compressed the nerves in the lower leg， reducing the blood supply to the calf muscles and that the skinny jeans worsened the problem。
　　金伯指出，紧身牛仔裤先前就已被报道会导致腹股沟神经损伤，但没有见过该病例中所见的小腿神经和严重肌肉损伤问题。他还表示，下蹲这一动作压迫了小腿神经，减少了给小腿后肌的血液供应，而紧身牛仔裤更加使得这种状况被加剧。
　　After being treated for four days — and having her jeans cut off — the woman still had some weakness in her legs but walked out of the hospital and later recovered fully。 Kimber doesn‘t know if the woman still wears skinny jeans but warned her against the dangers of squatting in them。
　　在接受治疗四天并且剪除了身上的牛仔裤之后，该女子的双腿仍然有些虚弱，但能够走出医院，不久后康复了。金伯不知道这位女士是否还会穿着紧身牛仔裤，但是已经警告了她身穿紧身牛仔裤时下蹲的危害。
　　“I think it‘s the non-stretchy nature of jeans that might be the problem，” Kimber said， noting that tight pants with more elasticity wouldn’t be as dangerous since they wouldn‘t squeeze nerves and muscles。 He doesn’t wear skinny jeans himself， but not because of the medical risks： “I‘m too old to get away with them！”
　　“我认为牛仔裤的无弹性特质应该是问题所在，”金伯指出，他强调了更有弹性的紧身裤不会像没有弹性的那样危险，因为它们不会挤压神经和肌肉。他本人并不会穿紧身牛仔裤，但这不是由于潜在的医疗风险：“我太老了！穿着这个没法出门！”
　　nerve lesion： 神经受损
　　groin： 腹股沟
　　calf muscle： 小腿肌肉
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
