　　来源：沪江英语
　　Are you still single？ How ready do you feel you are to change your present situation？ If you are sure the right time has approached， we suggest you should visit any of the countries listed below。
　　你单身吗？是不是很想改变目前的感情状况？如果你认为恋爱的最佳时机已经来临，我们建议你去如下列出的任意一个国家逛逛。
　　If you are a single man， you are always welcome to Ukraine – the land of fantastically beautiful women。 The country is quite safe and there are fewer men than women， making it really easy to find a woman who is ready to become your life partner。
　　如果你是一位单身男士，在乌克兰你一定会受到欢迎——这个国家到处都是貌若天仙的女子。这里治安良好，且男性的人口比女性要少。所以，要找到一位愿意成为你终身伴侣的女子可谓易如反掌。
　　Estonia is another Baltic country situated in Eastern Europe。 This is a land of blue-eyed and blonde haired ladies。 Despite their beauty， there are too many single ladies since they outnumber the males。
　　爱沙尼亚同样坐落在波罗的海沿岸，是欧洲东部的一个国家。这片土地上有好多金发碧眼的妹子。尽管她们都非常美丽动人，单身妹子人数却非常多，因为这里女性人口数多于男性人口。
　　Georgian women are shy at first。 However， you need to spend some time to know more about them and their openness。
　　格鲁吉亚的女子初见非常羞涩。不过，你需要多花点时间去了解她们，就会发现她们内心的热情。
　　There are quite a few island nations， but not all of them can boast beautiful ladies。 Puerto Rico is the place where you constantly meet attractive girls！ Not only will you enjoy the climate and nature of the country， you will also see how warm and friendly the women living there are。 Foreign visitors are always welcome， because the local females find them very attractive。
　　世界上有不少岛国，不过并不是每个岛国都能以盛产美女而自矜。在波多黎各，你总能遇到富有魅力的妹子！你不仅能享受这里宜人的气候和美丽的自然风光，还能欣赏到此地性格温和、待客周到的女子！外国游客在这儿总是很受欢迎的，因为本地的女子认为外国游客更富有吸引力。
　　Another Eastern European country full of sexy yet single women is Belarus。 Since the number of men is significantly lower than that of women， you can easily find a girlfriend there。
　　在东欧还有一个盛产性感单身女子的国家，那就是白俄罗斯。由于这里男性人口的人数明显低于女性，你在这儿很容易就能找到一个女票。
　　Lithuania is a tiny country that nonetheless has a rich history， customs and traditions。 Women living there are considered to be of exceptional beauty。 The genes that come from Slavic and Northern European nations make Lithuanian ladies stunningly attractive。
　　立陶宛是一个小国家，却有着悠久的历史，深厚的文化传统。此地居住的女人据称都出奇的美丽。这些立陶宛女子都有着斯洛伐克人和东欧人的双重基因，所以出奇的富有魅力。
　　Only a few of us have heard of Bosnia。 Even fewer have visited it。 Those who have already been there know for sure that there are many singles women。 The country as well as the ladies residing there are truly impressive。
　　波斯尼亚是一个鲜为人知的国家，去过这里的人更是少之又少。不过去过这里的人一定知道，这里有很多的单身女性。这个国家和在此居住的女士都会让你印象深刻！
　　The Balkans take pride in a small country called Croatia。 Book a flight and visit it to see its nature and have a rest by the sea。 Who knows， maybe on one of the beaches you will make friends with a single lady who is also in search of a life partner。
　　巴尔干半岛上有一个著名的小国名叫克罗地亚。订张机票，到这里来看看自然风光，在海边小憩一下。说不定，在海边的某个沙滩上，你会结交一位同样在寻匿终身伴侣的单身女子。
三步报志愿
分数线查询
找专家报志愿
